c("Patron stated she slipped and fell while stepping into the boat, causing right hip and low back pain. Then made a late report stating torn meniscus in her knee.", "Patron stated she was walking quickly toward the ride when she felt a popping sensation in her left calf, then injured her left hand when she leaned against the side of the ride.", "Patron stated she struck her right elbow on the hand railing as she was entering the attraction.", "Seven year old male patron's right hand was pinched in the lapbar", 
"Patron stated she tripped over another guest after disembarking and hit her shin on the train. Normal ride operation.", "Patron stated she was seated with her arm on the back of the seat and an attendant rubbed against her arm while assisting with the vehicle, causing a tear in the patron's fragile forearm skin.", "While getting off the ride at the end, the patron leaned forward and struck her forehead on the restraint.", "Four year old female patron fell from trailer while walking backward to exit ride.", 
"Sixty nine year old female cut her shin while exiting the carrier.", "Patron's mother stated her child fell off the carousel \"goldfish\" while trying to climb onto it by herself while her mother strapped the baby on the ride.", "Patron stated she fell when disembarking. Normal ride operation.", "Patron tripped and fell on the ride deck.", "Patron stated she fell stepping off a sea animal. The attraction was stopped at the time.", "While exiting the ride a female patron, age unknown, ran into the door", 
"Lap bar came down on her arm.", "Patron placed her left hand on the rubber shoulder restraint stop while exiting the ride. Another patron pulled down the restraint, injuring the tip of her left middle finger.", "Patron stated her husband brought his lap bar down on her left knee.", "Patron stated he tripped as he was exiting the sled at unload, injuring his knee.", "Patron stated he was stepping onto the exit and injured his right big toe.", "Patron, holding a small child, was exiting the gondola at the #4 position she fell from top of the landing on to the deck (approximately 52 inches), landing on her back. Paramedics called, transported to hospital.", 
"As patron was getting off her horse, she fell. The next day, her parents took her to the doctor.", "Patron stated he fell when his right foot slipped while stepping onto the seat to exit the ride.", "Ride was over child was exiting he took a wide step and missed tumbled down 2 steps. &nbsp;Babysitter was holding childs shirt she said she tried to hold on but couldn't.", "Patron was walking toward exit and tripped on ride operator's foot; fell and hit forehead on the fence.", "Patron tripped while exiting ride and fell onto left knee.", 
"Patron stood up at the end of the ride and fell backwards, striking the back of his head on the middle bench.", "Patron stated her mother pulled the lap bar down on her right forearm. Patron has a pre-existing medical condition.", "Restraint Bar closed and pinned right forearm under restraints.", "Patron stated she hurt her ankle disembarking from the train.", "Patron was getting off her horse on the carousel and caught her flip flop on another horse.", "Patron stated while stepping out of the vehicle, she fell backwards and hit the back of her head on the ground.", 
"Patron stated while backing her wheelchair out of the monorail car, it tipped when the exit ramp fell. She and the chair fell.", "Patron states she slipped on the wet table as she exited out of the teacup.", "At the end of the ride, the child was exiting the ride when he fell.", "Patron stated that he fell when exiting ride vehicle.", "Patron was exiting log boat 5 from the front seat. His right leg got stuck between the boat's floor board and the front dash pad.", "The ride stopped as if the cycle was complete. The 14yo patron was unloading the ride when the ride suddenly started up again and she was thrown. Observing this, an employee ran onto the ride and was struck.", 
"Patron stated that she hit her head when exiting ride vehicle.", "Patron stated she lost her footing and fell onto her knees as she was entering the buggy.", "Child was exiting ride vehicle and ran into an exit gate.", "Patron alleges that she fractured her right foot when her foot slipped off a wet seat while entering the boat. Patron was wearing flip flops.", "Patron stated she bruised her left side when she slipped and fell when stepping onto the wet seat while entering the boat.", "Patron was stepping out of the boat ride and twisted her right ankle.", 
"Patron's finger caught in latch.", "When child was exiting the train, she was pushed into the right side of the ride causing her to fall into a train car, receiving the laceration upon impact.", "Patron was exiting out of the boat and slipped between boat and unload platform.", "Patron hit her head on the headrest while assisting a child into the raft.", "While exiting the ride patron says she rolled her ankle simply walking towards the gate.", "Patron and her father were on the platform. &nbsp;The lap bar to car # 3 was closed. &nbsp;The opertor attempted to open the lap bar. &nbsp;Marise stuck her finger into the the lock once as the lap bar opened it caught her finger in the lock-pinching it.", 
"Patron stated she slipped and fell entering the boat, fracturing her right foot.", "Fell backward entering ride vehicle", "Patron stated she slipped getting off the raft, injuring left ankle.", "Patron was trying to get off the ride and slipped, hitting his head on the horse.", "Patron was getting onto the ride and hit her face on the harness.", "Patron stated that she tripped and fell exiting the ride vehicle.", "Patron stated she slipped and fell entering the boat, injuring her head, neck and hip.", 
"While getting off the ride, patron turned to step down when he heard and felt a pop coming from his knee.  It popped three times. Patron was in the 2nd or 3rd row from the operator and found it a little hard to step down off the ride.", "The restraint came down on the patron's neck.", "Patron stated the lap bar lowered onto her right leg, causing pain in right ankle and foot.", "While stepping up onto the platform to board the ride, patron did not lift her foot up high enough and, as a result, she hit her foot and fell. As she fell, she caught the pole, which possibly caused the injury to her am.", 
"While loading into the bumper car, patron slipped and injured her back.", "Patron was exiting vehicle and slipped, injuring her ankle.", "When a patron stepped from the ride she twisted her ankle.", "Patron fell over control bar walking to ride.", "Mother alleges ride operator injured her son's ankle when attempting to assist him onto the ride.", "As stated by her mother: &nbsp;child was sitting in a car with her brother &nbsp;and sister and mother was towards the inside of the car. &nbsp;They all pulled the bar down and the child had her hand on the looking mechanism. &nbsp;", 
"Patron fell off the carousel horse when exiting the ride.", "Child ran to get in car, slipped and fell.", "9yo girl smashed her finger as the restraint was closing.", "Patron was walking down the exit ramp and tripped on a raised piece of concrete that was painted yellow and marked as a hazard.", "While exiting the ride, patron twisted her ankle.  As she twisted her ankle, she tried to catch herself with her right hand.", "Patron stated he injured his neck and back when his wheelchair tipped backward as the boat came into the unload.", 
"Patron stated there was water on the ground inside the vehicle and she slipped, twisting her ankle.", "Patron (minor) was lifting herself up onto the ride when she heard a snap in her left arm.  She recently had a cast removed from that arm.", "Teenage boy jumped out of the side of the carrier after the ride ended and fell on his knee.", "When lowering the lap bar, the patron had her leg up and the lap bar bruised the top of her right leg.", "Girl ran across ride floor and cut foot.", "Took shoes off to ride. As she got out of tub, she stepped on something and cut her foot.", 
"Patron got her finger pinched in the lap bar.", "Patron stated that she fell and injured her left knee when exiting the ride vehicle.", "Adult male patron was attempting to exit the stopped ride and caught his foot. The carrier was approximately 3 feet off the ground. &nbsp;He fell on his face onto the asphalt.", "Patron stated he fell as he was attempting to board the train at the main station.", "Patron stated the lap bar hit her wrist.", "Patron slipped on exit ramp.", "Patron states left ankle was caught in the lap bar when entering ride.", 
"Patron stated she slipped as she was getting out of vehicle and struck her face on the wall.", "Patron stated she was jumping out of the caboose and she struck her head on the top of the vehicle, falling forward and striking her face on the ground.", "Child hopped out of seat and fell on her right arm.", "Patron stated that her right thumb was smashed by the restraint. &nbsp;", "Patron complained of pain in her right hand, said it had been smashed between the t-bar and shoulder restraint.", "Patron's mother loaded her into the ride, at which time she started to cry. As her mother reached in to take her out, she may have accidentally pushed against the door/gate in the process, pinching the child's finger in the door/gate.", 
"Patron stated she misstepped getting on the vehicle and fell onto her tailbone on the moving walkway.", "24 year old female patron was assisting a child off of the ride when she lost her balance  at the top of the exit step.", "As the ride came to a stop, the patron got up and lost her balance. Her forehead hit the edge of the seat.", "9 year old male patron was being seated on the amusement ride when his finger became pinched in the restraint.", "Patron stated as she attempted to get on the horse, she fell off of the non-moving platform, hitting her lower back.", 
"Patron stated she tripped while carrying her 2yo son as she stepped into the boat.", "Parent states child's right thumb was pinched in restraint.", "Child fell off the side of the ramp while exiting.", "Patron stated he was being carried down the stairs of the ride by his mother, who missed the last step causing her to stumble.", "Patron was preparing to enter the ride and tripped, falling forward onto cement.", "Patron injured her finger when the lap bar opened at the end of her ride.", "Patron stated she tripped and fell as she was exiting out of the vehicle, injuring her knees and left arm. Guest has an extensive existing medical history.", 
"Patorn stated she fell and lacerated the back of her head when boarding the ride vehicle. Patron his history of falling a lot.", "Patron stated she didn't raise her right foot high enough as she exited the vehicle, causing her to trip and fall.", "Patron stated she slipped and fell backwards on the descending steps while entering the submarine.  After riding this attraction, she rode a roller coaster, which made the pain worse and caused her to contact first aid.", "Patron stated that she slipped and fell when boarding the ride vehicle.", 
"Patron slipped and fell while exiting.", "Patron caught foot on ride while exiting, landed on right knee.", "Patron stated she tripped and fell as she exited the car.", "3 year old female patron tripped while exiting the ride.", "Parents stated that the child fell on the stairs while boarding the ride and injured his forehead.", "Patron stated that she fell and injured her back as she stepped onto the moving conveyor while boarding the attraction.", "Patron stated she stepped wrong as she was exiting the ride vehicle.", 
"Patron stated he slipped and fell backward onto edge of car while stepping into the car. He alleges there was a small puddle on the loading platform next to the car.", "Patron stated she injured her arm and back while exiting the vehicle.", "Patron was stepping out of the basket of the balloon ride, placing her left foot first. When her jeans caught the bottom latch, she lost her balance and fell down.", "While exiting the ride, the lap bar came down and hit her hand.", "Female fell while exiting ride and fell into the deck. She is diabetic &amp; had not eaten since morning and incident was at 5:48pm.", 
"Patron stated losing her balance when entering the vehicle. She said that she twisted her left knee and her right elbow on the ground.", "Patron stated losing her balance when entering the vehicle. She stated bumping her head on the ground.", "Father stated that his son was exiting the vehicle, fell forward, and landed on both hands.", "Patrons stated she fell as she was exiting the attraction, causing multiple injuries.", "Patron fell exiting seat.", "Patron states right 5th finger got stuck in the lap bar and pulled to the side.", 
"Patron fell entering log and hit back on log.", "Patron tripped and fell onto the Speedway bar.", "Patron stated that the restraint bar opened up in such a way that it caused bruising and a strained muscle in his chest area. He notified the park two days later.", "Patron fell while exiting the ride.", "Patron stated she injured her right knee as she stepped onto the train.", "Patron stated she experienced pain to her right wrist after the lap bar struck her hand while on the ride.", "Patron stated she twisted her right ankle walking down the steps on the ship.", 
"Patron stated the log was dispatched before she was seated, causing injury to her knees and ankles.", "Patron stated the lap bar hit his knee as he turned to look at his daughter seated in the vehicle behind him.", "Patron was about to ride and in the loading process. She hurt her left wrist as the lap bar was pulled down by a friend. Her hand was trapped between the lap bar and her seat until the ride operator approached them to release her.", "Patron stated she injured her left hand as she was exiting the attraction.", 
"Patron was assisting her granddaughter off a horse in an outside row when she was distracted by another guest. Holding the child, she stepped backwards off the platform and fell to the concrete floor, striking her left elbow.", "Patron said he twisted his right knee getting off the ride.", "Hit Head Getting Off ride.", "LAR &nbsp;bar releshed and guest hit lap bar on lower lip. &nbsp;Incident report say's Free Willie for ride name.", "Patron stated she injured right leg when she stepped out of the vehicle.", 
"Patron fell when getting off the ride and hit his head.", "Deaf patron was unloading from the ride when it began to move, causing her back pain.", "During the lap bar check process before the ride started, the patron felt pain in her right little finger. She advised the ride operator and requested to exit the vehicle. Park nurse jprovided first aid and sent her to hospital via taxi.", "Operator opened door to allow patron to unload, but the door closed before the patron had competely exited. His right ankle caught in the door, causing him to fall and he landed crooked.", 
"Patron was unloading from ride and fell.", "Patron lost his prosthetic leg on the right side during launch one of the ride. At the conclusion of the ride, while stepping off the seat, he became unbalanced and fell.", "Patron stated she missed the step from the top row inside the train and rolled off the train to the platform.", "Slip and fall on wet surface from rain.", "According to her father, patron was riding the carousel by herself. Upon exiting, she slipped off the horse and fell, hitting her groin area on the foot step/stirrup.", 
"Patron was exiting ride and pinched her right thumb in the headrest in front of her.", "Patron struck her head on the rubber padding covering the roof while exiting the carrier.", "Patron was stepping up into the ride when she fell backwards and hit her head on the ground.", "Patron stated his foot got caught as he was exiting. He fell and injured his right shoulder.", "Older sister was helping patron exit ride, she lifted up bar of seat and let go of bar while patron's hand was holding chain. Bar struck finger.", 
"Patron was sitting in the back row when the lap bar went down and then came back up, hitting her in the lower lip.", "Patron was riding solo in a cart when the restraint came down and struck the top of her left foot.", "Patron was unloading from the ride and the lap bar came down onto his mouth.", "Fell when getting off beanstalk ride. Ride was not moving at time of incident.", "Ride operator caught child's leg while walking by.", "Patron slipped getting into a carrier.", "Patron bumped her left knee while exiting a train and cut her knee.", 
"Stepping in the ride, patron caught her foot and felt her knee pop, then fell into the seat.", "Patron was unloading and fell.", "Patron stated he was stepping onto the vehicle while holding a beach ball and fell.", "Child slipped on steps getting into a truck.", "Mother states she stood on left side of horse and strapped 10-month-old baby on horse. While she boarded to sit behind baby, the baby fell off on the right side of the horse, hitting head on floor.", "Operator instructed rider to sit back in car when it approached. Rider attempted to sit in car. When car approached, she fell forward. Taken to hospital.", 
"Patron slipped and fell when exiting the ride.", "Exiting fish #4, stepped out fish swung back contacting his leg", "Patron tripped while exiting the ride and hit her forehead and cut her knee.", "Patron stated as she stepped out at unload, she twisted and dislocated her right hip. She had her right hip replaced 11 years ago.", "Patron stated he missed the dock as he was exiting and scraped his left shin. Guest uses a cane.", "Tripped and fell", "Patron was unloading from carousel and fell while holding camera in her right hand.", 
"Forgot to 'step down' while exiting the ride, fell to knees", "Patron tripped exiting ride and bumped head.", "Patron phoned two days later to report she fell while exiting the attraction on the exit platform.", "Patron rode the attraction. 4 hours later, he reported to first aid with complaint of low back pain. Initial report was that he fell while exiting the boat. Upon further investigation, it was determined that he slipped and fell while entering the boat and continued to ride.", "Patron went on the inside of the Whip to get on the car. She slipped, striking her right lower leg on the metal bar.", 
"Patron stated his right foot slipped as he stepped on the vehicle seat and injured his right knee.", "Patron tripped while exiting the ride.", "Guest was attempting to load into a boat, felt dizzy, lost her balance and fell into the ride. The operators immediately stopped the ride and atttempted to remove her from the water.", "Patron was exiting the car and caught his right foot on the car, causing a right ankle laceration.", "Patron was exiting her seat when she slipped and fell, striking her head on the pavers below.", 
"After the ride was over, Patron ran up the evacuation ramp instead of going out the exit gate. He fell off the ramp about 4 or 5 feet.", "Patron got her left thumb caught in the restraint when the restraint came down.", "Patron tripped while exiting the ride.", "Patron tripped while exiting the ride.", "Knee was not in proper position when lap bar was pulled down trapping knee between bar and side of boat", "Tripped", "Guest fell to the ground while exiting a boat. &nbsp;", "Mother stated at the end of the ride, when the lap bars were released, the lap bar hit her child in the head from behind.", 
"With train stopped in station for boarding, the patron was entering the last car when he slipped/tripped on lip of car, falling forward onto left arm, then against car.", "Complaint of ring finger pain after pinching it in restraint.", "Patron was sitting on the carousel carriage seat. Upon disembarking, her foot slipped and she slid off the step and landed on her knee, then rolled onto her hip.", "Patron was exiting the car after her son. She got tangled in the seatbelt and fell.", "When the ride stopped, the patron jumped to the ground. When she landed, she heard a pop and a crunch sound in her knee.", 
"Patron was exiting the carrier when her foot got stuck on the seatbelt, causing her to fall backwards and strike her head on the floor.", "Patron slipped on ride.", "Patron stated car moved while she was entering, catching her ankle.", "Patron was getting into the ride when she slipped and fell across the boat.", "Patron was stepping out of the train when he fell backwards and hit the back of his head on the edge of the train car.", "Patron sustained a laceration above his left eyebrow after attempting to jump on the deflated bumper bollards.", 
"Pant leg got caught on turnstile and she fell.", "Patron stated she tripped and fell getting into the ride vehicle, hitting the left side of her face and her left knee.", "Pant leg got caught on turnstile and she fell.", "Patron stated she injured her left knee while stepping off the attraction.", "Patron was exiting the ride when the operator mistakenly hit the \"on\" button, causing the ride to move while she had one leg out of the car.", "Girl was getting out of the tub and caught her foot in the lap bar, snapped her ankle and fell to the ground.", 
"Tripped exiting the seat on the ride. Fell on left arm.", "Patron slipped on deck while exiting ride and hit her head. &nbsp;She was wearing flip flops.", "Patron stated the vehicle advanced as she was exiting, causing her to fall.", "Ride stopped and patron jumped out of seat without assistance. She fell and hit her right elbow.", "Patron was exiting a tub and she lost her footing and fell forward. &nbsp;She scraped her knuckles, hit her forehead/nose and injured her knee.", "Patron stated she was trying to step down to seat on ride and misstepped on the second tier that goes around carousel.", 
"Guardian stated that the child stepped off ride and hit head on concrete.", "Patron's thumb on left hand was crushed and amputated when the operator slammed the outside cage down while they were loading on the ride. They were unable to get the operator's attention as he started the ride.", "Patron was exiting from the middle seat and fell face-first onto the ground.", "Guest was loading on to boat of congo rapids, when she fell onto the conveyor belt.", "Patron stated she felt a pop in her knee as she turned and left while assisting her child into the 2nd row of the ride.", 
"Patron was walking in ride area to get her granddaughter and tripped over the cable cover that goes from controller to center of ride.", "Patron steppedoff the carousel and twisted her ankle.", "Injured was getting on to the bumper car track. She missed her step and fell to the track", "Patron stated she stepped out of the tire while exiting the vehicle and fell.", "Fell on the track", "Patron stated that the lap bar came up and hit her on the mouth.", "Patron stated when stepping onto the platform, she misstepped, hitting her left shin on the step.", 
"Patron states that at the end of the cycle while the ride was on stop position at the station, she helped her son exit the car, then she stooped down to reach for her purse on the floor of the car. In the process, she hit her forehead on the head structure.", "Patron injured right ankle getting on or off the carousel.", "Patron stated she rolled her ankle stepping into the vehicle.", "Patron stated she stepped on the tire while loading into the vehicle and rolled her ankle.", "Patron tripped while entering attraction.", 
"Patron stated he dislocated his left shoulder as he lifted himself up and out of the log. He has pre-existing condition.", "Patron stated he stepped on the tire while loading as he was carrying his nephew, causing him to fall.", "Patron stated her brother fell on her as they stepped into the tire.", "Patron fell entering car.", "Patron stated she injured her right knee as she was stepping into the attraction.", "Patron tripped and fell as he was getting out of the boat at unload.", "Guest fell while boarding train", 
"Patron stated he fell exiting the ride and fell into the water.", "Patron stated she fell exiting the vehicle.", "fell", "Patron stated while getting into the boat, she stepped over her niece into the boat, slipped and fell. She hit her left ribs on the front seat of the vehicle.", "11 year old patron was stepping out of carrier when she lost her balance causing her to fall.", "8 year old male patron was exiting the scooter when the lap bar came down on his hand pinching his finger.", "32 year old female patron was exiting the carrier when the lap bar came down on her head causing head pain.", 
"Patron alleges she twisted her knee while entering the vehicle after incoming vehicle struck her vehicle.", "Patron stated she stepped wrong as she was exiting the ride and injured her left ankle.", "Unknown guest stated felt pain upon sitting down on ride, guest stated knee seemed to lock up at attempt to exit ride", "12 year old female patron cut her foot on the ride platform while entering the carrier.", "Patron stated she was exiting the train when her wheelchair caught on a chain, causing her to fall.", 
"Patron was exiting the boat and stepped on the rubber tubing that surrounds the platform. He fell into water and hit his eye and nose.", "Patron stated she slipped when stepping out of the log and injured her left knee when she landed on it.", "Patron stated he fell and injured his left knee while exiting the ride. He has pre-existing medical conditions.", "Restraint bar came down on patron's arm.", "Patron was getting into the bumper car when he tripped and landed on his left wrist.", "Patron stated she was getting into the vehicle and she did not lift her leg up high enough due to the skirt she was wearing. She fell into the vehicle.", 
"Patron stated he misjudged when exiting the ride, struck the ride with his left shin.", "Patron stated she was stepping off the train when she tripped over another guest's wheelchair and fell.", "42 year old female patron slipped while exiting the carrier causing her face to impact the concrete.", "Ride stopped suddenly while patron was loading. He fell into tube and hurt himself.", "Head was caught under lap bar", "Patron was exiting his boat when he slipped while wearing flip flops and struck his toe against the boat's center piece.", 
"43 year old female patron was exiting the carrier when her foot became caught causing her to fall and twist her ankle.", "Patron stated he was exiting out of the vehicle, caught his foot and fell, hitting his mouth.", "Patron was unloading from ride and was looking to help his son exit the ride when the top of his head hit the restraint bar.", "Patron stated the ride operator pinched his leg twice while trying to close the lap bar.", "Patron stated she was exiting the boat in the station when another boat hit hers from behind and she lost her balance and fell. She hit her shoulder and head.", 
"Patron was dizzy when she got off and scratched her toe on the side of the ride.", "14 year old female patron bumped her head while entering the carrier causing a laceration to the forehead.", "After the ride ended, the attendant unhooked the safety gate and walked away from the plane. When the little girl tried to exit the ride, she fell out onto the ground, landing on her face.", "Patron reported she slipped while exiting the ride and fell on the platform.", "Patron fell getting out of ride.", 
"Patron stated she was stepping off the car and stepped right to the ground instead of on the step. Her left ankle rolled and she fell.", "Patron was stepping off the ride and stepped right to the ground instead of on the step. Her ankle rolled and she fell.", "Patron stepped wrong while getting off attraction.", "Patron stated he was getting into a boat and when he stepped from the platform to the boat, he rolled his left ankle.", "Patron called two days later to report that she could not get the overhead restraints to lock when she rode the ride. She stated she is overweight. The ride operator came over and tried to push the restraint down, but it wouldn't lock. The operator then told her they had a seat that would accomodate her, but she would have to wait for the next ride cycle. She waited and was seated in another seat. The restraint locked and she rode with no issues. She felt fine after the ride, but noticed a large bruise on her shoulder the following day.", 
"Patron tripped entering ride.", "Child was exiting boat with assistance from family member. He threw a tantrum, dropped to the ground, and hit the back of his head on the platform.", "Patron stated she fell as she was entering the vehicle, injuring her left leg.", "unknown", "When the lap bar was released at the end of the ride, patron reported that it came up and struck him in the mouth.", "Patron fell getting off chair of ride, hitting chin on ground.", "While exiting the ride unit, patron fell and sustained laceration to chin.", 
"Child was walking on landing getting ready to enter attraction, resulting in slip and fall. He hit the back of his head against the landing.", "Patron was chasing after her grandson in the ride area and tripped over the steps.", "Patron stated she fell trying to exit car stopped on incline.", "Patron was getting off the ride and cut her foot. Ride owner/operator states that the injury was not bleeding and looked like it was a pre-exiting condition (i.e., already healing).", "Patron was crossing tracks and fell.", 
"Patron claims log moved and she fell.", "Patron attempted to step onto deck as she was exiting her boat and she fell into the water when her boat shifted.", "Patron tripped over a post at the rear of the truck when exiting the attraction.", "Patron was sitting in middle of boat on left side with his 2 grandchildren in the middle. The attendant pulled down the lap bar. Upon going up the hill, his grandchildren were able to pull the lap bar down another click. The lap bar hit him in the torso area and caused pain throughout the ride.", 
"Child was getting out of swing after ride had stopped and fell to ground.", "Patron was exiting the ride when he fell out of his car and struck the ground with his left knee and left elbow.", "Patron's knee dislocated after her friend climbed over her while getting out of the carrier.", "Patron exited in the wrong direction, lost his footing, and fell onto the track of the ride. State regulators ordered that operators be retrained on proper way to load and unload patrons, and the correct positions for the load and unload operators.", 
"Patron stated he fell going up the steps on the boat and hit eyebrow on a step.", "While patron was getting on the ride, his grandson pulled the seat closed on his head.", "The childs mother said he went to get in the car of the coaster while the bar was closed. As the operator went to open the door the child placed his finger near the locking mechanism and got his finger pinched as the bar was opening.", "Patron stated she stepped into the boat and rolled her left ankle.", "She is blind. Was in 6 person raft - standing. Daughter in law let go of her to assist her child child and woman fell down", 
"Patron tripped and fell when exiting the ride vehicle, injuring his hand.", "Patron stated she tried to exit and her arm gave out. She fell.", "Patron reported a possible injury to right wrist when lap bars came down and locked. Ride cycle did not start and patron got off the ride. First aid responded.", "Patron fell getting off ride.", "Patron stated after riding, her ankle buckled and she fell off the platform.", "Patron turned and twisted knee while entering ride.", "After ride cycle completed, patron injured her foot as the safety bar was opened.", 
"Late report from patron's mother. States her daughter was in the seat during loading process. When bars were lowered, her right elbow was caught between the lap bar and the seat, and she allegedly rode the ride that way. After the ride, she says her father took her to a medical facility.", "Lap bar on the ride came down on guest stomach causing pain. &nbsp;At the request of the guest EMS were called and guest was taken to SMH", "Patron stated that she got off on the wrong side and tried to get across to the exit side quickly. Her left knee bent and went straight down into seat.", 
"Child was running to the boat to get loaded and tripped, falling and striking nose on boat.", "Patron was exiting the ride and got her right index finger caught in the restraint as it was raised.", "Train stopped on trim brakes outside of station. Patron panicked and was permitted to unload. He tweaked his knee as he stepped from the train onto the catwalk.", "Patron stated she was exiting the monorail with her electric wheelchair when a ramp allegedly dropped and jostled her back. She had back surgery just before her visit to the park.", 
"Mother stated the boy was running toward the fire trucks and his foot went right in between the tracks. He fell down and was not able to move or get up on his own.", "Patron was exiting the ride car and got her foot caught in the doors, causing her to fall.", "Patron was walking in the ride area and another child hit him with the car door.", "Patron tripped and fell while entering ride.", "Patron was getting out of the coaster when she fell between the seats.", "Patron was unloading from ride. The car swung around and came down on his right ankle.", 
"The rider had her full ride and went to step off the ride onto the platform and lifted person off the ground about an inch and the seat slipped off the platform and she fell in between the seat and the platform and got hurt.", "Per patron's mother child slipped in grease on exit steps. &nbsp;No grease noted at time of incident, later call from mother states that she and the on site EMT wiped up said grease with napkin. &nbsp;Mother also stated child had recent injury to same ankle in which cast was removed less than two months ago", 
"Patron was waiting to load and had set his left hand on the ride as the harness was opening.", "Patron rolled her ankle while loading into the log.", "Patron was exiting the swings. &nbsp;She was wearing flip flops while walking down the exit ramp. &nbsp;She tripped somehow and fell.", "Child was getting off of ride, tripped and fell, twisting and landing on her right arm.", "Patron walked from ramp on pod 8 to concrete and slipped, landing on right knee.", "Patron stated he slipped as he stepped into the log with both feet in log and fell back onto his father. Guest was wearing knee brace.", 
"Patron was stepping off of the carousel when he misstepped and fell to ground, landing on his left side.", "Running to exit fell hitting head on ride carrier wheel", "Patron was getting into boat/log when he slipped and jammed his finger against the inside of the boat. He rode the attraction, but sought medical care afterward.", "Patron was getting off ride when her foot got caught on the train. Daughter stated she tried helping her mother off, but the ride operator started the ride again, causing patron to fall.", 
"Relative states that the patron slipped while getting off the ride, fell forward and struck her head on the seat in front of her.", "The patron claimed that she was attempting to enter the ride and twisted her ankle.", "Patron was exiting from his seat when he fell forward, hitting his nose on the ground.", "Child fell on step entering ride, but chin.", "Guest state that ride operator started the ride while the guest was not properly seated", "Patron tripped while exiting ride.", "Child was on boat 5 and his hand got caught under the lap bar, causing his hand to bend back.", 
"Patron phoned 10 days later to report she rolled her ankle while exiting the boat.", "Patron tripped going up the entrance stairs, then fell.", "patron fell on steps exiting the Log Flume turntable area on down side.", "Patron was unloading from the ride and got her left hand stuck in the restraint.", "Patron was exiting the ride, had one foot in and one foot out of the car when the car supposedly moved. This caused her fall, striking her head on the deck.", "Another guest pulled the lap bar down on the patron's hand and bent his fingers back.", 
"Patron stated she fell on the turntable and injured her right knee.", "Patron fell while exiting ride.", "Patron stated he was entering the log and slipped and fell, injuring his knee.", "Patron complained of left ankle sprain after slipping in water at the train.", "Operator opened the door to the tub to unload passengers. The child had her hand behind the hinge and it pinched her finger. State inspector instructed the operator to pay closer attention when opening the gat.", "Patron stated that upon exiting, she jammed her pinky finger against the bull of the car.", 
"Patron was loading onto the ride and hit his left knee on the lap bar latch.</div>", "Patron stated she was going to ride when the patron seated next to her closed the lap bar. Her hand was over the latch, resulting in injury to her finger.", "Patron tripped and fell exiting car.", "Mother stated that child got his right hand caught in the car closing mechanism while unloading.", "Patron stated she injured herself as she was exiting the attraction.", "Patron's hand was hit by a lapbar, smashing the pinky finger.", 
"Ride was stopped and passengers were unloading with help from parents and the ride operator. Patron's mother appeared to be assisting her daughter when her son attempted to unload the ride and fell.", "Father stated he and his son were getting out of their tub when his son's hand slipped out of his. The son fell to the floor deck of the ride and he rolled, hitting his head on the gate.", "Ankle injury while exiting the ride.", "Patron was boarding the simulator when he was transferring to another row and tripped. He fell, striking his chin on the arm rest of the seat.", 
"Patron stated he was stepping out of the vehicle when the vehicle moved forward, causing his cane to hit his leg.", "Patron stated she was getting out of the boat when she lost her balance and fell on her ankle.", "Patron stated he fell as he was descending the stairs and struck his head on the railing.", "Ride started up again as patrons were attempting to unload, resulting in serious injuries to the ride operator and 4 patrons, including one child. Investigators found that the ride owner, Joshua Macaroni, and a ride operator had jumpered the wiring to disable a safety system that would have prevented the ride from moving while the restraints were up. Macaroni and Family Attractions were fined more than $100,000. Macaroni and the ride operator were charged with assault with a deadly weapon.", 
"Patron stated she cut her finger as she was exiting ride. &nbsp;No defects found on ride.", "Patron stated she slipped and fell while exiting the vehicle.", "Patron stated she fell getting out of her wheelchair against the handrail, prior to entering the cabin.", "Patron stated while exiting the attraction, he hit his knee on the steering wheel.", "Patron fell while loading.", "Patron reported via email that she injured her arm while getting on horse.", "Patorn stated she was exiting in her personal ECV. It tipped back and she struck her head.", 
"Mother stated her daughter exited their tire and then jumped onto an adjacent tire in play.", "Patron stated she dropped her keychain at unload and injured her right foot as she went to retrieve it.", "Patron stated she stepped onto the first step up into the train and her right knee gave out. She has pre-existing knee issues.", "Patron stated he hit his left knee on the ride vehicle while exiting.", "Patron stated he slipped and fell on the dock and into the log and struck his left hand on the seat back.", 
"While exiting ride, child fell from platform, hitting mouth.", "Patron missed her step while exiting the ostrich and fell.", "Patron loaded into last car and received an abrasion to left shin.", "Patron stated she injured her left ankle while exiting the attraction.", "Patron stated she fell, hitting her head, while stepping down from a horse on the carousel.", "Patron stated she injured her left knee when she stepped into the vehicle.", "Patron stated she injured her left eye on the grab bar of the clam shell as she was exiting the attraction.", 
"Guardian stated child fell while getting onto airplane ride. She tripped and fell into the water.", "Patron fell while loading into the raft.", "Patron stated she injured her left knee and chipped her tooth as she was exiting the attraction. She has previous medical history with knee.", "Patron stated he injured his left foot as he stepped into the trolley.", "Fell exiting off horse", "While exiting the car, the patron fell.", "While preparing to load into the boat, the patron tripped and fell, striking his left eye and nose on the side of the boat.", 
"Patron stated he fell while exiting the vehicle.", "43 year old female patron dislocated her shoulder upon exiting the carrier.", "30 year old female patron tripped and fell while exiting the ride due to uneven terrain.", "Female patron was entering the carrier when another patron pulled down on the lapbar causing it to impact the patron's head.", "Patron tried to board the ride, but was unable to fit fully into the seat and have the lap bar close. The vehicle was never dispatched based on these conditions. The patron then disembarked from the ride vehicle and injured her knee upon exiting.", 
"49 year old female patron tripped while exiting the ride.", "Another guest smashed the patron's hand in the cubby while she was gathering her belongings.", "37 year old female patron was exiting the ride when she tripped and fell.", "Patron stated she injured her left foot exiting the attraction.", "Five year old male received an abrasion to his left ankle & calf after ride started prematurely, due to a malfunctioned ride timer.", "26 year old female patron twisted her ankle while stepping off the platform of the ride.", 
"Patron stated she bumped the right side of her head as she was exiting the attraction.", "Patron stated she was carrying her granddaughter when she tripped over the fin of one of the dolphins while exiting.", "Patron stated she rolled her ankle while exiting the attraction.", "Patron stated he was leaning on the bar and at the end of the ride when the vehicle opened up, he fell to the floor.", "Patron missed a step while getting off the attraction and fell off face-first.", "Patron pulled down safety bar onto finger.", 
"Patron stated she injured her left calf as she exited the passenger side of the vehicle.", "Attorney contacted regulator two years later and stated his client had his hands in the air when a bar came down and crushed his wrist.  Ride owner states they were not notified about an injury until legal action in 2016.", "Patron stated she was distracted by her daughter and lost her balance stepping out of the vehicle. She stepped on the tire and fell.", "As patron was attempting to enter the ride, the guest seated in the ride vehicle directly behind the patron lowered their own lap bar beforehand, which, due to the lap bars being connected, resulted in the patron's knee being trapped between the lap bar and seat.", 
"As patron was exiting vehicle, her sandal slipped and her knee cracked. She did not fall. Due to pain level and report of previous knee injury, she requested to be sent to the hospital.", "Tripped hitting eye on roller coaster", "Patron stated she injured her left knee changing seats when the attraction was stopped.", "Patron was getting on the ride when she fell.", "At the end of the ride cycle, the patron was attempting to exit the vehicle (boat). In her attempt, she fell and hit her back along the way.", 
"Patron was getting off the ride. He attempted to exit to the right, which is the wrong way to exit, when the entrance gate opened and it knocked him down onto the track in between cars.", "Tripped getting off ride", "Patron stated his finger was pinched between the lap bar and the seat when the bar was raised at the end of the ride cycle.", "Patorn fell stepping off the carousel platform.", "Patron stated while exiting the vehicle, she hit her small toe on the edge of the vehicle.", "Patron fell while exiting a boat. &nbsp;When EMTs arrived, patron was observed laying in a fetal position on her left side, facing the unload platforms. &nbsp;", 
"Patron placed her right foot onto the passenger carrying device step and then attempted to step up onto the carrier. Her right ankle got twisted and the patron fell back out of the carrier with her ankle remaining inside the carrier. Another patron was able to free the ankle before help arrived.", "Patron injured his hand when the lap bar closed.", "While exiting the ride, the patron tripped and hit her forehead on exit fence.", "Patron was exiting a car and his foot slipped. He fell onto his right arm and struck his face on the concrete.", 
"Exiting ride hit knee on lap bar.", "Patron sat on seatbelt and received a laceration.", "Patron fell on the platform while choosing a seat. He landed on his hand and knees.", "getting off the ride", "Fell while exiting ride car causing pain to both knees", "Patron states she pinched her arm in the restraint while loading.", "Patron was exiting the ride aftger ride was over and allegedly fell on the ride platform near turtle #6.", "Tripped in center of carousel hitting back of head on unknown object", 
"Patron stated she tripped while exiting.", "Grandmother states that when the ride operator lifted the safety restraint at the end of the ride, her grandson fell forward onto the ground.", "Mother stated she was holding her daughter's hand during dismount from seahorse. The child fell, hitting her head on the stirrup.", "Father states that the child was entering a car and she tripped on the track and fell onto her left wrist.", "Patron was found lying supine on the ground by the Scrambler car. She states she was loading when she fell backwards striking her head, but did not lose consciousness.", 
"Pt was on the helicopter ride when the ride came to a complete stop she attempted to exit the ride and slipped out landing on her right wrist", "Tripped exiting cart and fell to ground", "Patron stated she stepped wrong off of the attraction during normal unload process.", "When ride stopped, chain was unlocked and child jumped down, falling to the ground and cutting her chin.", "Patron's aunt states the child was running to get on the ride when he tripped on a piece of metal that was sticking out, causing him to hit his chin. The ride has designated markers on the ground that display the proper path. The 3yo child did not follow this path and went in the way of the metal bars, causing him to fall.", 
"As the ride ended the operator opened the bar for her and her fingers were pinched. She had placed her fingers onto the fiberglass and kept them there while the operator was opening the bar. She was on the inside seat and it was her left middle finger", "When the ride came to an end, the child got his right thumb stuck in a hinge of the safety cage.", "Patron misjudged step coming out of ride and hurt right ankle when exiting ride. History of right ankle injury (had a brace on at time of injury).", 
"Patron got her foot stuck while loading onto the ride.", "Patron was loading onto ride when he lost his balance and fell into the plastic part of the ride seat.", "Patron stated he tripped and fell getting on the train and cut his right eyebrow on the seat.", "Patron states that when the ride stopped, the shoulder harness released, she stepped down and lost her footing. She fell to the ground, hitting her forehead.", "During the loading process, patron was instructed to slide to her left. While doing so, the other guest entering the same row pulled the lap bar down, catching her left knee.", 
"Patron was stepping out of glider which shifted and she stumbled to ground, landing on right wrist and elbow.", "Patron injured foot on unloading platform.", "Patron hit his head while boarding the ride.", "Patron was exiting the car on the ride when the ride operator pulled the lap bar down on top of her left wrist.", "As patron was attempting to exit the ride vehicle, she fell face-first onto the ground.", "Loading tilt a whirl, guest was running fell and cut head", "Mother states that when her daughter got off the ride, she fell to the ground, hurting her knees and elbows.", 
"Patron unbuckled a seatbelt on a car, lap bar was released hitting her in the face.", "Patron stated the bumps on the ride caused some skin on his toe to be ripped off.  Report states that portions of the walking surface are equipped with slightly raised grip lines to reduce slipping. With the patron wearing flip flops, injury can occur when the exposed toe makes contact against the grip material.", "Operator instructed patron to remove her hands from the lap bar in seat #2 at the end of the ride. &nbsp;Patron thought the lap bar was stuck and put her hands back on the lap bar. &nbsp;At that time, the operator opened the lap but which caused patron's middle finger on her right hand to be pinched in the hinge of the lap bar.", 
"Patron stated he tripped and fell while entering through the gate.", "Patron fell getting into car when it moved forward.", "Patron was entering ride and tripped, falling forward.", "Guest exiting ride via exit ramp was accidentally pushed by another guest and fell injuring shoulder", "Patron slipped when getting off the train and fell on his tailbone.", "Patron was attempting to board the ride when she fell climbing into the ride. She fell backwards and hit her head on the ground. She was wearing flip flops.", 
"While sitting on the chair, the lap bar slipped and pinched her left thumb.", "While child was getting off the ride, he jumped out and fell to the ground.", "Patron stated she tripped and fell on the moving belt.", "Patron stated to the ride operator that she felt dizzy. She then fell to the ground face-first, injuring her nose.", "Patron states when she picked her daughter up from the seat, she bumped her chin on the ride.", "Patron was getting off the ride and misstepped. She fell and experienced pain in her lower back.", 
"tripped exiting ride", "Fell on wet ramp", "Father was carrying his 4yo son and slipped on the ramp", "Patron tripped while running up the platform steps and bumped her head on the bottom of the seat.", "The swing in front of her hit her head while getting off the ride", "Caught thumb in the lap bar", "Patron stated as he sat down in the ride vehicle, he was leaning forward and the person he was riding with pulled down the safety bar, hitting the back of his head.", "Patron states she was stepping onto the boat when she slipped and fell. Patron braced herself with her right arm.", 
"While getting off the ride, the patron injured her left foot/ankle.", "Patron was stepping off the carousel and hit her toe on something.", "Patron reported (3 days after) that while entering a ride car, she stepped back out of the car, tripped and fell.", "Patron was getting on seat of ride while the operator was holding the safety bar up. Bar slipped out of operator's hand, hitting patron on the head.", "Patron was getting off the ride when the lap bar came up and hit her in the bottom lip.", 
"Patron stated she slipped in the attraction vehicle and hit her knee when boarding.", "Stepping into log, patron slipped.", "Operator was helping patron out of a tub. She lost her balance and hit her head on the edge of the seat.", "Patron stated she exited out of the attraction vehicle and another vehicle moved, striking her heel.", "Patron stated she did not lift her foot high enough while exiting the car, causing her to trip and fall.", "Patron stated she was not fully seated when the ride began and she quickly sat down, injuring her knee.", 
"After handing her cell phone to someone not on the ride she ran to get into the bucket, tripping, falling on the deck, cutting &nbsp;her left leg just below knee on the metal platform.", "Patron states after riding the coaster, her right sandal got stuck and she twisted her ankle in the process, bumping her toes.", "Patron stated she lost her footing stepping off the train and fell to the platform.", "Patron entered main first and states that when he was exiting the ride, he tripped and fell on the platform (slanted).", 
"Patron states he pinched his finger on the lap bar of the ride.", "Patron was sitting in the bottom row left seat. She had her head down when the girl beside her raised the lap bar, striking the patron's nose.", "Patron stated while loading into the attraction vehicle, she rolled her right ankle on a bump in the vehicle floor.", "Patron stated she fell when exiting the vehicle. She has a history of hypertension and left hip arthritis.", "While trying to exit the vehicle, her crutches got stuck on the moving platform and pushed her left shoulder up and back.", 
"Patron stated at the end of the ride, her personal transport wheelchair fell backwards, causing her to hit the back. Wheelchair was chocked.", "While her brother was getting on the ride, the lap bar struck her on the forehead.", "Patron fell while getting off the attraction and struck back of head.", "Patron stated her foot got caught on the vehicle as she was exiting and she fell.", "Patron slipped and fell while entering the vehicle, hitting his mouth.", "A Thirty Six year old male patron complained of pain in his back and legs after he slipped and fell while exiting the ride.", 
"female age unknown, had her wrist twisted back while the shoulder restraint was either being opened or closed.", "After stepping out of the ride vehicle, the bench lid fell on his leg.", "Patron stated his girlfriend pulled the lap bar down, injuring his left knee.", "Patron stood up on the boat seat to exit at unload and felt pain in left knee. Patron did not indicate that the ride had any correlation to her knee pain.", "Girl ran into car and fell under wheels.", "12 year old male felt a sting after he pulled down the shoulder restraint.", 
"Parent stated that ride attendent unbuckled seat belt and child fell off horse onto her side and back. &nbsp;Father was with both of his children on the ride at time of incident. He was on center row of horses, other child was on inside row of horses. Ride was over and not running at time of incident.", "After the ride ended, the child jumped off of the seat and fell onto her left arm.", "While exiting the ride, patron tripped and struck her head against the wall.", "Father states that his son was getting onto the ride and bumped his chin on the outside of the ride.", 
"Patron ran into airplane wing in an attempt to board the ride.", "Patron was helping her daughter into the ride vehicle, lost her balance and fell.", "Patron stated another guest pushed his lap bar down, hitting his right knee.", "Patron stated while dismounting her horse, she missed the step and scraped her left leg.", "Patron stated her shoe caught the end of the moving walkway and she fell.", "Pregnant patron stated the operator lowered the lap bar against her stomach.", "Mother stated her son ran to a sea creature and in his haste, fell, hitting his face on it.", 
"Father stated his daughter fell as she was about to board the attraction, hit her head on the platform and lost consciousness for about one minute.", "Patron misjudged the step and landed on her back on the platform next to a horse. She has a history of back trauma.", "Thirty Eight year old male complained of pain in his left wrist after tripping and falling onto the ride platform while exiting carrier.  Patron states has injured same wrist previuosly.", "While exiting ride, patron slipped and fell.", 
"Thirty Two year old female complained of pain in her right ankle after she slipped and fell onto exit steps.", "Thirty Five year old male received a cut to the top of head after female patron pulled overhead restraint down impacting his head.", "While climbing off the ride, the patron's foot got caught and he fell.", "Forty Five year old  female received a possible fractured wrist after falling onto the ride platform.", "Nine year old male received a small laceration to his upper eyelid after he pulled the restraint bar down on his face.", 
"While walking toward the cubby, the patron's foot got stuck and her leg twisted, causing her to fall to the ground. Patron had a previous injury to her knee.", "Mother states she was attempting to dismount from her horse while holding infant (10 months). She slid off and lost her hold on the child, who fell to the ground.", "Patron stated she could not get out of the boat, so fire department was called to assist. She stated that as they were helping her up, she slipped from their grip and fell onto her left leg. She stated she has post-polio syndrome.", 
"While getting into the vehicle, patron had not yet sat down and the operator advanced the train. The patron fell back into a sitting position hard.", "Patron contacted park to report that her husband's arm was injured while riding when the lap bar was pushed down.", "Patron states that when the ride came to a stop, she stepped off the ride with her right leg, started to fall, reached out with her right hand, struck her right index finger on the guard rail, and fell to the ground, hitting the right side of her face on the ground.", 
"Thirty three year old female received a contusion to her left ankle after she slipped and twisted ankle while on the amusement ride stairs.", "Patron stated she was exiting through the attraction vehicle and her foot caught on something and she fell onto her knees.", "Patron walked backwards in ride envelope while trying to take a photo, tripped over model base and landed on left wrist.", "While exiting the ride, the patron received a laceration to right index finger.", "fell exiting", "Patron tripped and fell on the platform after exiting off the vehicle.", 
"Patron stated as she was exiting the car, she put her left hand out to support herself on the seat back. As she stood up, she felt shoulder pain. She has pre-existing medical condition.", "Patron was exiting the vehicle and mis-stepped.", "When ride came to a stop, guardian states that the ride operator opened the door while child's hands were on the lap bar. Her left ring finger got caught and was cut on the tip.", "Patron stated she slipped entering into the vehicle and fell, injuring her left shoulder.", 
"Patron was exiting ride by backing out while wearing a backpack. The backpack caused her to lose her balance and she fell back onto the ground. She caught herself with her hands.", "While stepping off the ride, the patron twisted her ankle. She was wearing high heeled shoes, as she was attending her school prom after normal park hours.", "Patron fell and hit his head while exiting the tub. He stated that the ride moved a little and he caught his foot on the inside of the tub.", "Patron stated he slipped when exiting the front of the boat from water moisture, injuring his left knee.", 
"Patron stated he tripped on the side of the vehicle while exiting the attraction, injuring his left hip. He has history of fibromyalgia, high blood pressure with sudden low blood pressure, diabetes and 5 stents in his heart.", "Mother states this was her second ride on this attraction. When the child got off the ride, she had a wound on her head. Mother didn't see what happened because child was on the ride alone. Park reports the restraint bar dropped on her head while exiting.", "Patron stated that after stepping from his horse, he missed his step from the platform, falling on his butt and hitting his back on the platform. He has history of high blood pressure, diabetes, and aortic regurgitation.", 
"Patron stated as he was pushing himself up to get off of the ride, he struck a lap bar with his mouth and chipped his upper right front tooth.", "Ride was not in operation at the time. Patron was running, tripped on the floor and fell.", "Patron stated she was stepping into the vehicle when she fell back and landed on the moving walkway.", "Patron stated she stepped off the sea horse and felt a pop in her right knee.", "Patron slipped getting off the ride and fell into the ride fence. The owner/operator was required to install rubber non-slip matting on the ride decking, and install signage at the exit notifying patrons to wait until they are told to stand up and exit the ride vehicle.", 
"Patron was riding with his uncle. The ride stopped and the car gate opened. The uncle reports that the child's mother was attempting to help him from the car when the gate closed. The boy's right hande was pinched.", "Child was riding with her mother. Mom exited the car first, followed by the child. Child saw father in trailing car and ran towards him, crossing and tripping over the center track. While falling, the child allegedly hit her head on brick footer to the building.", "Patron states that while getting off the ride at the dock, his foot caught on the inside of the ride car, causing him to fall forward. As this happened, he spun around and attempted to catch his fall and landed on his back on the track. He hit his head on the track. He was in the last car of the ride. Report states the park cleaned up the accident scene before calling state regulators.", 
"Child ran by one of the carts during the load process and the person in the cart started to make it spin, knocking the boy to the ground. Post-accident inspection found that electric brakes on one car failed to hold car in position.", "Patron states that when she was getting off the ride, she fell to the ground.", "Patron was boarding the ride when she tripped and fell.", "Patron was attempting to exit the boat when she fell.", "Mom and boy were getting on ride and they sat down. Operator told them to keep hands in lap. Operator put safety bar down. As bar was coming down kid put his hand on bar at the last second and fingers got pinched.", 
"Patron was walking on the side of the ride toward the exit when he slipped due to the weather (rainy).", "Patron stated she cut her left hand as she was loading into the attraction.", "Patron was unloading from ride when she fell and struck her head on the tire of the ride.", "Patron stepped out of the car at unload with one foot and caught the other foot on the side of the ride car, causing her to fall on her left hip.", "Patron claimed the passenger riding with her pushed her while she was getting out of the car, causing her to fall.", 
"Patron stated she slipped and fell as she exited the ride due to liquid on the floor of the attraction vehicle.", "Patron alleges that station gates opened and hit him on his right ankle as he was exiting the vehicle during a downtime.", "Patron tripped as he was exiting the vehicle.", "Parents state that when the ride stopped, their daughter hopped off the ride and fell forward while putting her arms out to stop her fall.", "Patron's finger was pinched in the gate of the ride as she was loading and the gate was closing. Grandmother was able to get the attention of the operator before the ride started.", 
"Parent stated child was getting on the horse and bumped her face on the ear of the horse.", "Patron's son states that she was getting off and missed the edge of the ride as she was stepping off of the platform. She fell onto her left wrist.", "While trying to step into the ride, the patron slipped and felt a pop in the left knee.", "Patron states that she was boarding the ride and her granddaughter decided that she did not want to ride. They crossed through the train car and did not tell anyone they wanted to exit. Upon doing so, the patron tripped and fell on the ride dock.", 
"Patron struck her finger against cubbies or lap bar.", "Left hand was shut in latch to ride.", "Ride operator was lifting up bar for guest and let it go, striking patron above left eye.", "As chair got to patron, operator told him to pick up feet and he did not. As he sat down his knee went and bent back under chair.", "A very tall and a little heavy guy and his wife were getting on the ride. Ride operator had told them to stand in the yellow box and sit down when chair comes to you. He also instructed the tall guy to pick up his feet and put them straight out as soon as he sits. He did not pick up his feet, they drug a little and woman moved her head and it hit the bar as operator was lowering the safety bar.", 
"Operator was closing the tub cage and hit the patron with the lap bar.", "Passenger's feet were caught under ride. Passenger landed on knees. Passenger state he was okay. Scraped shin of left leg.", "Patron's father states that she was getting off the swing ride when she fell forward and onto her chin.", "Patron states he was behind his daughter when she tripped and fell while stepping onto the ride, hitting her head on the ledge of the step.", "Twenty one year old female complained of pain in her wrist after falling while exiting ride.", 
"Patron stated she tripped and fell as she attempted to get on the horse, striking her head on the platform.", "Patron was entering the ride vehicle when she struck her left great toe on the inside of the vehicle. Patron has an existing medical condition with the toe.", "Patron was about to ride and decided that the restraint did not fit correctly, so she wanted to get off and notified the operator. As she was getting off the ride, she fell forward on her hands and face.", "Patron and his mother were loading into one of the cars and the boy tried to get into the ride from the non-loading side. He tripped on the sweep bar of the car and fell.", 
"Patron was getting ready to board the chair and the chair hit the back of his legs and bounced back. When he went to sit, the chair was not there and he fell onto his right knee.", "Unloading car holding onto child misstepped with right leg", "Patron was wearing flip flops when she slipped while stepping off the train.", "Patron lost her balance while helping her grandmother off the sky ride.", "Patron stepped off ride and rolled ankle.", "Patron said she was exiting the car when it moved and her left leg hit off the platform.", 
"Patron fell when exiting the coach and became caught between two rows of seats.", "Patron got her wrist caught between the seat and the restraint when her father wsa pushing the restraint down.", "Patron was attempting to get out of her seat when she fell and hit her head on the ground.", "Child received a laceration while exiting ride. Exact cause was undetermined.", "Patron was attempting to exit the ride vehicle when he fell due to not lifting his leg high enough on his way out. He fell to the ground and hurt his elbow.", 
"Patron states that she was getting onto the coaster. As she was bending down, her left knee went in a different direction and she experienced pain (related to a previous personal medical issue).", "At the train station, after riding, while the train was stopped, rider stood on the seat, lost his balance and fell.", "Parent stated that when she was putting her son onto the ride, she did not realize that the lap bar would close so fast, and pinched his finger in the lap bar.", "Patron was stepping out of bumper car and got foot stuck in bumper car on her way out. She fell. Reported to the park 7 months later.", 
"Patron was trying to dismount from a horse, but misjudged her attempt.  She fell and landed on her buttocks. She has history of back pain.", "Patron was coming into unloading area of ride. He had trouble getting up and out. The ride operator and patron's daughter stood on each side of patron to help him out of the boat. Ride operator slipped on edge of island and her leg fell between brake and island causing patron to fall back into boat.", "Patron was attempting to exit her seat at the conclusion of the ride. She caught her leg on the middle divider and fell off of the seat and onto the ground.", 
"Patron states that the car moved while she was unloading, causing her to lose balance and fall. She struck her right knee on the ground.", "While exiting the bumper car, the patron's foot caught on the door frame of the car, causing her to fall.", "Patron states that her hand got pinched between the restraint and the vehicle.", "Patron was getting out of a boat. The boat moved and made contact with his left 5th toe.", "Father states that his son was getting into a car and another patron cut in front of him, which caused the child to trip and fall and strike his left elbow and left arm on the ground.", 
"Patron stated she struck her left lower leg on the boat as she was exiting.", "Patron was out of the car and she stepped onto the center platform and lost her balance. One slat was ajar near the area she fell.", "As patron was coming out of the log ride, she may have turned too rapidly and twisted her right ankle.", "Patron tripped and fell while unloading from the ride and broke his fall with his arms.", "Patron states that while loading on the ride, her left wrist was injured on the safety bar.", 
"Patron stated that the ride vehicle moved as she was stepping out of it which injured her left ankle.", "Attempted to exit ride through the entrance side, &nbsp;walked infront of coaster car and fell onto track, &nbsp;then fell into pit below track", "Patron was exiting the vehicle when he tripped and fell onto the unload platform.", "After the patron exited the ride, he began to spin the propeller. This caused a laceration to the right eye.", "Patron attempted to board the train, but misstepped and scraped his shin.", 
"Patron was exiting the ride while holding her 2yo grandson when she sprained her left ankle.", "Patron was crossing through car to place belongings on the unload side of the ride platform. She tripped on the lip of the ride unit and fell on the cement of the platform floor.", "Patron fell on the platform after exiting the ride.", "Patron was getting ready to step into the raft, but the raft was coming to a stop. She fell back against the seat.", "As patron was boarding the ride, he bumped his right knee.", 
"Patron was exiting out of the ride vehicle when she twisted her right knee.", "Patron was riding on level 2 when he fell while exiting his seat.", "Patron stated she was boarding the ride vehicle when she fractured her right ankle.", "As patron was stepping out of the ride, he tripped and twisted his knee.", "Patron was exiting the ride when her knee gave out and she fell on her back.", "Patron was notified to wait at designated location on the load platform. As the seatbelt was being prepared in the boat, the patron attempted to enter prior to preparations being complete. The operator told her to stop, which caused her to lose her balance. She fell with one of her feet falling partially into the boat and the other going off the deck into the water. This resulted in the patron striking her side and shoulder onto the deck.", 
"Patron states she tripped off the exit step coming off the ride.", "Patron was stepping off the carousel when she tripped on her long princess dress, causing her to fall.", "Patron was exiting the ride vehicle while holding a toddler. She grabbed the lap bar as she stood up, which caused her to dislocate her left thumb.", "Patron was attempting to get herself onto the ride when she slipped on the boat step causing her to fall on the left side of her body.", "After the ride had stopped, the operator moved to unbuckle the seat belts. He saw a patron unbuckle her own belt. She fell while trying to exit.", 
"Boat stopped near unload position. Child in fifth row bent forward to get her bag and the boat moved, causing her to hit her mouth on the bar in front of her.", "A Thirty Five year old female received a cut to her pinky finger after her son moved the restraint bar, catching her finger.", "Patron stated she fell while exiting the car on the wrong (left) side to get her dropped phone.", "Patron was exiting the ride and fell on her back. She planted her foot on the ground, but the ride had shifted.", 
"Grandfather states that the lap bar was lowered down on her head. Operator states that her hands were up and head back. As the lap bar was being lowered, she moved her head forward. He stopped the lap bar she bumped her head as she moved it back.", "A Four year old male received a gash to his head after he tripped and fell while exiting the carrier.", "A female (age unknown) complained of pain in left clavicle after hse slipped and fell wile exiting ride.", "As patron was exiting, she heard a snapping noise coming from her right knee. She has a pre-existing condition.", 
"Patron stated she misstepped while dismounting her horse, causing her to fall and fracture her right foot.", "Patron was stepping out of the attraction, but fell to the ground and landed on his left knee and wrist.", "Patron stated she injured her groin while exiting the car.", "As patron was stepping into ride vehicle, he dislocated his left knee.", "As patron was exiting the attraction, she felt her right knee pop.", "Patron tripped while exiting the ride.", "Patron stated as she was stepping down off the carousel horse, she missed a step and fell onto the platform.", 
"Patron stated he fell when exiting the steps of the attraction vehicle.", "Patron claims that the vehicle's restraint released too fast, hitting her left hand.", "Patron stated she hit her right shin on the attraction vehicle while boarding.", "hit by lap bar", "Patron stated as she stood up to unload from the boat, she lost her balance, falling backward and hitting her lower back on the dock and on the side of the boat.", "Patron fell while running to get into the vehicle, striking her forehead against the vehicle.", 
"Patron slipped on metal ramp while exiting vehicle. She struck an object, injuring her knee.", "Father states child fell off while trying to get off after the ride was over. She landed awkwardly on her wrist.", "A female patron (age unknown) received a cut her head after she slipped and fell onto the ride platform.", "Patron stated that she twisted her ankle when boarding the ride vehicle.", "Patron stated an unknown male guest lost his balance while stepping into the boat and fell on seated mother holding 6mo baby.", 
"A three year old female complained of pain in her wrist after the ride restraint closed down.", "Patron stated it was raining and as she stepped onto the boat ledge to enter the vehicle, she slipped and fell.", "Patron states that while she was getting onto the ride, she felt a pop in her right knee.", "Patron jumped out of the ride while unloading and fell to the ground.", "Patron and her grandchild tangled their legs stepping onto the ride. The patron fell backward onto concrete hitting the back of her head.", 
"Patron stated that she slipped and fell when dismounting the carousel horse, injuring her mouth and teeth.", "Patron states that while he was boarding the ride, he slipped and struck his mouth on the ride, chipping his front left tooth.", "Patron stated she tripped on her backpack strap as she was exiting the attraction.", "Patron stated she fell when exiting the ride vehicle, injuring right knee.", "Patron stated she was exiting her seat after the ride and fell forward, landing on her face.", "Upon exiting the car she had been riding in, she took a few steps and twisted her right ankle trying to exit the ride area.", 
"Patron was riding with her aunt. At the end of the ride, the aunt lifted up the bar and the child fell out forward, hitting her chin.", "While climbing into the car, the patron tripped and fell into the car and put his hand out to stop his fall.", "Patron was riding the carousel. When trying to get off the horse, she stepped down and couldn't reach the floor, causing her to hit her head and back.", "Child placed hand on back of boat, near the tall connection of vehicle 10, to assist with exiting. The boat behind hit the child's hand.", 
"Patron stated she tripped when stepping out of the attraction vehicle.", "Patron stated she fell as she was running on the moving walkway.", "Patron stated that she slipped and fell when boarding the boat.", "Patron stated she injured her tailbone when boarding the ride.", "Mother states that while her son was getting off the ride, he misjudged the ground and fell backwards, hitting his head on the ground.", "Patron stated she twisted her knee when exiting the vehicle.", "Patron's right foot tripped on seatbelt exiting the plane at the end of the cycle. He fell and landed on left leg, which had a previous ACL injury.", 
"Patron stated she exited the car toward the stairs and felt a pop in her right knee.", "Left knee discomfort: As guest was attempting to load chair, as the lift made contact with his from behind he fell forward and landed on his left knee.", "A female patron (age unknown) complained of pain in her right ankle after she twisted it while exiting.", "The padded shoulder restraint came down on patron's head while she was riding the attraction. The gas spring was not functioning on the restraint. Breaker employee did not know how to use the seat.", 
"Patron's wife reports his knee was dislocated when the ride operator pushed the front of the car up before her husband was completely in the sitting position.", "Patron stated she felt dizzy and fell while exiting the vehicle.", "Patron stated that she fell while exiting the ride vehicle.", "Patron stated she was inside the stationary transfer vehicle and as she was stepping down from the seat to the floor of the vehicle, she lost her balance and fell out of the vehicle.", "Patron stated she slipped as she stepped onto the moving walkway and injured herself as she grabbed the wall.", 
"Patron stated she fell as she was going down the steps into the submarine and landed on her butt.", "A Three year old male received a lacerfation to the upper & lower lip, with a chipped front tooth after he fell and contacted the pavement while exiting seat.", "Fell after stepping out of ride", "Safety harness was allegedly &nbsp;closed on her right hand.", "A Nine year old female received a laceration to the top of her head after another patron lowered the lap bar prematurely, which caused the bar to contact patron's head.", 
"An Eighty two year old male received a dislocated shoulder after he slipped and fell while exiting ride on stairs.", "A Four year old female received a laceration above her lip after she slipped and fell while entering a carrier.", "Patron was getting on the ride sled when another child pulled down the safety case, hitting her head.", "Patron stated she fell and injured her wrist while boarding the ride.", "The child struck head on the end of the lap bar while entering the ride tub. He continued enter the ride tub rode the ride upon exiting the tub passed out. Paramedics were called and the young man was transported to the hospital.", 
"Patron stated the operator dispatched the boat before she was fully seated, causing her foot that still in a boot to bend and crack. Guest has history of broken foot.", "Patron stated she dislocated her left knee when she stepped into the stopped car at the load position.", "Patron stated she injured her back when exiting the ride vehicle.", "When entering the ride on the first step, the patron slipped, tripped and injured her ankle.", "Patron tripped and hit his head on the gate of the sky race ride while exiting.", 
"Patron stated she injured her left leg when exiting the ride vehicle after re-entering to retrieve a forgotten item.", "Patron was stepping out of the ride to set sunglasses down. When he was stepping out, he felt and rolled his ankle.", "Patron stated that as she stepped out of the vehicle, her foot slipped on the edge of the curb and she fell forward.", "Child was loaded onto the second vehicle in the station. As the operator was checking restraint on another vehicle, the child got off and ran past the flap toward the unloading station, slipped and fell.", 
"Father stated that while his son was going toward the truck, he got tripped by an uneven cement block right in front of the entrance, fell down, and banged his head on the footstep of the yellow truck.", "Patron stated she slipped and fell as she stepped onto the moving belt.", "Patron stated she misstepped as she stepped off the platform and fell to her knees.", "Patron fell out of car while exiting ride when the car moved.", "Another patron closed the door on the child's arm.", "Patron tripped and rolled his left ankle while walking down the staircase.", 
"Patron lost her balance and fell backwards out of the ride car, hitting her head on the ground.", "Loadind boat fell striking head on dock", "Patron tripped while going down the exit steps, fell and struck her left knee on the pavement and twisted her left ankle.", "The buckle on ride restraint hit quest in the face", "Patron was trying to close the lap bar when he pinched the tip of his finger.", "Patron got his finger caught while trying to close the restraint himself.", "Patron was exiting the ride and jumped because he perceived that he would get splashed from the ride. He tripped and struck his forehead on the railing.", 
"Patron stated he stepped onto the car and felt pain in his knee, which led to symptoms while riding.", "Guest hit in the head after lap bar was released", "While stepping off the ride, patron stated she rolled her right ankle.", "Patron was getting off the ride on the side of the boat. There was no handrail. The next boat came in a bumped her and she fell backwards, hitting her back on one of the seats and her leg and ankle on the way down.", "Patron was exiting the ride vehicle and slipped and fell.", 
"Patron stated she was getting off the balloon when the little girl she was with spun the vehicle, causing her to fall out and land on her buttocks.", "Patron rode the ride and, while exiting, took a misstep and tweaked her knee.", "Patron crossed train prior to loading to place sunglasses in loose item bin. As she attempted to load, her toe was pinched by the lap bar locking mechanism on the vehicle chassis. Owner/operator was considering a method to shield the locking mechanism.", "Patron fell while getting out of the ride after the ride cycle was over. Park report states she was under the influence of alcohol.", 
"Patron stated that the bar came up on the ride and hit her in the elbow.", "Patron reported that he was getting on the ride when his friend pulled the ride harness bar down on his head.", "Ride operator states that as she was undoing the safety bar, a guest hit the bar up and caused injury to operator's wrist.", "Patron was exiting the car after it stopped. As she was getting out, it moved, causing her to fall out onto platform.", "Patron contacted the park stating that her legs twisted while exiting the ride vehicle. She paused on the conveyor belt and then jumped across it, landing incorrectly with all her weight on her left heel.", 
"Patron was exiting the boat, slipped on water and fell, landing on the side rail of the boat, hitting his groin.", "Patron states while getting out of bumper car, her flip flop slipped in water and caused her to fall. She landed on her hip.", "Patron states that while coming into the ride line, she got a splinter under the right nail bed of her ring finger.", "Patron injured his right thumb when the lapbar released.", "Patron stated when she sat down, she hit her head on a metal post.", "Patron stated her foot got caught , she fell exiting the vehicle and cut her forehead.", 
"The child slipped from the caretaker and fell to the ground in the platform area while loading. The grandparents took patron to EMS personnel, then to the hospital.", "While boarding the ride, the patron sat into the ride chair by throwing her body into the chair. As this occurred, the ride operator lost control of the ride bar and it struck the guest on top of her head.", "Patron states he got hit in the head with the lap bar. &nbsp;He doesn't remember whether it was from the front or the back.", 
"Tub not aligned with platform causing rider to fall when exiting ride.", "Walking down ramp slipped injuring foot", "Patron was exiting car on the ride when she lost her balance and injured her left ankle. While EMTs were treating her, she stated she had been drinking.", "Patron tripped getting off the ride and landed on left shoulder.", "Patron lost her balance when stepping onto the platform and fell on her right shoulder.", "Walked into hand rail", "Patron slipped and fell while walking down the sloped platform toward the exit. She tried to brace herself with her arm, causing injury.", 
"Patron states that the restraint was lowered so that her head was pinned between the bar and her shoulders.", "Patron was getting off ride with her mother when the safety bar came back and hit her in the nose (bar is not spring-loaded).", "Patron was attempting to get on the ride and the operator started the car while she was getting in, causing her to fall into staff.", "Patron stumbled while walking down the exit steps.", "As patron was getting onto the ride, her leg/foot caught a piece of metal flashing around the edge of the ride and tripped her. She fell, hitting her right arm onto the ride. Maintenance inspected the ride and replaced two broken rivets, resecuring the flashing.", 
"Patron was boarding a gondola boat when the boat jerked forward, causing the patron to fall and hit her left foot on the boat.", "Patron dismounting from attraction scraped her right shin on foot pedal.", "Patron jumped off ride deck and fell to the ground.", "Patron stated their vehicle did not have sound, so they were asked to exit at belt check. While assisting her disabled mother out of the vehicle, she hyperextended a muscle in her left leg.", "Patron was exiting the ride at the ADA load/unload station when his right foot slipped. This caused the patron to fall forward onto the guest assist railing and the ground. As a result, the patron struck his left side on the load/unload deck.", 
"Child was being helped off the ride at the end by his father and cousin. In doing so, they heard a pop in his left arm. They were concerned about this because he was scheduled for surgery 2 weeks later to remove a cyst in his left upper arm / shoulder.", "Child states that she noticed the seat belt dangling, so she bent over to pick it up as the restraints came down and pinned her head. &nbsp;She could not move her head and pain was 10/10. &nbsp;Operator heard the patron scream and released the restraints.", 
"As patron was pulling down the restraint, it hit her in the head.", "exiting ride", "Patron states that the ride rotated unexpectedly while unloading, sending her into a lateral tilt &lt; 90 degrees. Patron states she felt a pop and pain in her leg.", "While getting on the ride, patron's sister slammed safety bar onto her hand.", "Patron hit her head after falling while exiting the ride.", "hit on head with safety", "Patron was exiting after ride had stopped. He states that the car moved when he went to get out and hit foot got caught on slip-protecting rib, causing him to twist his ankle.", 
"exiting ride", "A child and adult rider loaded in the incorrect order in row 3. After being asked to switch, the child exited the seat on the loading side and fell between rows 2 and 3 all the way to the ground level.", "Patron stated she was dismounting the horse and fell backward, hitting the top of her head on the pole behind her.", "Patron was exiting his boat when he slipped and cut his left palm on the sunglasses he was carrying in his left hand.", "Patron fell as she was dismounting and hit her head on part of the horse.", 
"Patron was loading into the attraction when she placed her right hand on the seat in front of her per load procedure. At that point, the guest seated in front of her, against load operator's instructions, pulled down the lapbar, trapping patron's right hand under the lapbar.", "Patron stated she fell backwards while backing her wheelchair out of the monorail train car.", "Patron slipped while getting out of Granny Bugs, injuring her leg. She was wearing tied sneakers. Obvious deformity.", "Two patrons (adult and child) were on the platform getting ready to enter a car when the ride operator started the ride. The guests fell onto the platform of the ride, causing them to tumble. The ride operator stopped the ride before it made a full rotation.", 
"A three year old male received a cut above the left eyelid after he fell and hit the platform while attempting to climb onto a horse carrier.", "Patron stated that she struck her mouth when exiting the ride vehicle.", "Patron stated that while riding, he grabbed his water bottle from the pocket in front of him as the ride came to an end and his lap bar released and hit his left shoulder.", "Patron stated she injured her right ankle when exiting the ride vehicle. She has history of injury to same ankle.", 
"Patron was closing the gate to the ride vehicle when her left thumb was caught in the door hinge.", "Patron stated she tripped on the lip of the car as she was exiting the vehicle.", "The ride operator buckled the child and the child fell head-first out of the chair and struck her head.", "Finger was caught in lap bar", "Father states that while exiting the ride, he pulled on his daughter's left hand causing injury to her arm.", "Patron stated that while exiting the ride vehicle, she tripped and landed on her left shoulder.", 
"While stepping off the unload belt after riding, the patron placed her foot back onto the stationary walkway adjacent to the belt, appeared to lose her balance, and pivoted back around to the right, landing seated on the ground.", "Patron stated that she slipped and fell at unload.", "Patron stated that he injured his knee when exiting the ride at unload. Has a history of knee injury.", "Patron stated she was getting a candy bag and placed her hand close to the safety mechanism, which caught her finger.", 
"Patron stated her right knee was hurting after trying to put the lap bar down. When the ride operator tried to help, the lap bar still could not latch due to patron's large size. Patron was unable to ride due to lap bar not fitting.", "Father states that his son was trying to buckle himself in while wearing 3D glasses. He struck the glasses on the armrest, causing cut to eye.", "Patron was getting out of the mini-Himalaya car when he tripped and struck his head on the railing.", "Patron stated that he injured his right knee while exiting the vehicle.", 
"Patron stated she chose to turn quickly while entering the boat and bumped her left knee against the engine box.", "Patron stated she grabbed the lap bar while entering the vehicle and fell in the vehicle when the lap bar lowered.", "Patron stated that even through she saw the \"do not step\" message on the tire, she had already stepping on it. She fell and injured her knee.")
list(language = "en")
list()
